Astro 4/9 release notes (#3628)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

<!-- ALL LINKS TO INTERNAL DOCS MUST BE COMPLETE URLS INCLUDING HTTPS. Otherwise the links will break in RSS. -->

## April 9, 2024

### Additional improvements

> - You can now use the Astro API to apply custom Deployment roles to API tokens.

Reviewer: More to it then just this... we are enabling Deployment role management in v1beta1 (eg. CRUD of custom roles, assigning custom roles to users/teams/tokens, assigning deployment admin to users/teams/tokens, etc.)

cc: @vandyliu

> - You can now use the Astro API to apply custom Deployment roles to API tokens.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can now manage [custom Deployment roles](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/customize-deployment-roles) using the Astro API.
```

- Improved the time it takes to load Deployment analytics in the Astro UI.
- You can now view info-level incidents from the Deployment health status indicator in the Astro UI.
- It is now possible for workers to use up to 6400 CPUs and 12800 GiB of memory on a single Deployment.

### Bug fixes 

> - Fixed an issue where you couldn't correctly configure boolean values for Airflow connections in the Astro UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you couldn't configure boolean values for Airflow connections in the Astro UI.
```
